Posture projects your level of confidence.
Nonverbal messages can stand alone or accompany verbal messages.
In the closing of an oral presentation, you should summarize main points.
Analyzing your audience is an important part of planning for an oral presentation.
Formal reports are longer and more complex than informal reports.
A periodic report is used when managers need information at specific intervals, for example, a monthly sales report.
"Please send me a new pair of socks" would be a good opening for a claim letter.
In positive responses, the main idea of the letter comes before the letter's supporting information.
Most bad-news messages should be written in the indirect order..
Memos are generally less formal than communications sent outside the company.
Proofreading the hard copy, even after proofing on screen, ensures the accuracy of a document.
In a business communication, there usually is an opening paragraph, one or more developmental paragraphs, and a closing paragraph.
In the active voice, the subject of the sentence performs the action of the verb.
Each sentence in a business communication should express one clear thought.
The words police officer, technician, and server are all neutral, or unbiased.
Effective listening requires an open mind.
Because an application letter is a persuasive letter, organize it as you would a sales letter.
Good listening skills can improve speaking skills.
In the closing of an oral presentation, you should summarize main points.
The central idea of the message is the same as the purpose of the message.
In an active voice, the subject of the sentence performs the action of the verb.
In positive responses, the main idea of the letter comes before the letter's supporting information.
Authorities generally agree that speaking is the weakest link in oral communication.
Proofreading the hard copy, even after proofing on screen, helps guarantee the accuracy of a document.
Nonverbal language reflects the values of the culture to which it belongs.
The grapevine is no more and no less accurate than any other communication.
